Draft biorender ref -- patho (#1066)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/07.pathogenesis.md

The last third of the genome encodes structural proteins, including the spike (S), envelope (E), membrane (M) and nucleocapsid (N) proteins.
Accessory genes can also be interspersed throughout the genome [@doi:10.1007/978-1-4939-2438-7_1].
B) The physical structure of the coronavirus virion, including the components determined by the conserved structural proteins S, E, M and N.

> This figure was adapted from “FullTemplateName”, by BioRender.com (2020), retrieved from https://app.biorender.com/biorender-templates.

Author: Obviously we should fill in the template name :)

Reviewer: "Full template name" is "Human Coronavirus Structure"

Author: ```suggestion
This figure was adapted from “Human Coronavirus Structure”, by BioRender.com (2020), retrieved from https://app.biorender.com/biorender-templates.
```
